[Music]
Michael Clarke
this is an initiation
not yours wine basically plotting the
driver say he's one of ours from a
little big today we go from her
hooligans
it's a [ __ ] gang members and the
price of a ticket it's toad they're cops
you
now friend in the driver's seat I'll
sing you our games being on my boys you
don't lie you join yourself heard a gun
in uniform I believe the papers culture
we're now it's time to give a bit back I
thought take it personally mate don't
worry I'll let your wife later you're
crying as you had it a [ __ ] concrete
she's dead
[Music]
sorry they were gonna kill you too
why might slice still make it easier
Pig might be dead soon so he'll expiry
in it
you know
if you filled out real men so most you
to imagine our complete country at
numbered place it
that's the first time it's the [ __ ]
guy but I'm chilly inspector Hawkins
mmm oh my dude in here it's for your own
protection there's no need for that now
come with me
[Music]
by my count it was eight against one
low-level hooligans looking for their
sacrificial lamb in this case you
where's Harris he's in hospital with the
others or file charges seven police
officers in his many months killed by
hooligans what starts on the terraces
ends up as organized criminality and
they all want a piece of it think you'd
a badge of honor yeah here you are mr.
Clarke the survivor took me a while to
dig up your files you've been on
compassionate leave your wife think
yourself a bit of a hero dear
thrill-seeking you know what I think
[ __ ] it takes one to know one
hooligan in uniform wasn't that what the
papers called you itching for a fight
I need people are you Clark my superiors
have doubted my idea thing you don't
have the temperament for it but I want
to be wasted talents piss your life away
for what undercover
this is the long game Clerk I need
officers to infiltrate and gather
evidence and I've shown you these files
you'll need to decide
technically I cannot ask you to endanger
yourself or order you have to undertake
what I'm asking you must volunteer
Terrence Turner aka no numeral another
number one I believe is head of a
criminal organization responsible for
football violence organized bare-knuckle
fight illegal gambling drug in porn
export human trafficking and murder you
name it if it's illegal and they can
make money out of it they probably will
this guy is the catch that's the last
time we saw Terrence Turner
it puts 17 people in hospital through a
lot of heat there was a warrant out for
his arrest but then like a ghost he was
gone we think he left England began to
build a criminal empire overseas but now
he's back and we have another search him
this far he's got police on his payroll
of a hemorrhage information left right
in the center so you can understand my
need for secrecy in this case those
low-level thugs you encountered today
would have been new members of his gangs
were it not for you I figured out
various ways to infiltrate his
organization but until the time is right
everything must look completely on the
level of today you put a fair few men in
hospital you'll be expelled from the
force and sent to prison for GBH
our cover story so dangerous this is
Godzilla pre-law
now's your chance Clark to do something
important something that matters make
her proud
I'll call on you when the time's right
[Music]
is there anything you'd like to state
for the record can I go
[Music]
get it done
don't you bother doing this home
to dismiss
[Music]
does he look like a Marion type will you
marry me
I love you too color me my mother
[Music]
not one of my best lines better worse
than that
that's for my mother
we can sell those for embossing
she's out there somewhere
her out of her misery
[Music]
containing out on the docks I just heard
gunshots
[Music]
I've just checked this abandoned Union
I'll be there in 20 minutes you can do
this okay
[Music]
this is chief inspector Hawkins I need
to speak to him about a prisoner
transfer immediately it's your lucky day
mind you being transferred we're so
lucky dates more like out of the frying
pan into the fire really
[Music]
stay down
I'm sorry sir there's nothing to be
sorry about Baker the other young lady
has already been identified tatiana
gareki i shot twice through the chest
[Music]
faster the adrenaline wearing off what
are we gonna do come too far to stop now
I'll drop you at my house then I'll pick
up Clark
we need to brief him ASAP he's Clark
I'll tell you about him on the way keep
your head down
[Music]
Kesey the back door gonna be long clean
yourself up
[Music]
thank you gentlemen
so what's your plan to get me in mark
griffiths is the number two always
looking to recruit fresh blood new
talent people with the right kind of
attitude the right kind of skill set do
you know him
have you heard of it another name never
seen him though we need hard evidence to
bring these bastards to justice tell me
more about this Griffith he wants
bare-knuckle boxing match every two
weeks that's where he recruits you need
to gain his trust and how exactly were
meant to do that it says here in your
file you speak some polish is that right
where is your nobody Posca you've been
inside long enough Clark no one will
doubt the credibility of his story now
so am i looking at now James good old
takes the bets at all the boxing matches
slippery character install some cameras
to watch his movements Griffith trusts
him with the money turns out good ol
doesn't trust banks
swap the real money for this fake and
prove yourself a man of acute
perceptions in front of the right people
so what you want me to give you some fun
and hope you're impressed if that
doesn't work it'll be dead
it's been your what to do this fights
tomorrow so right now
[Music]
it found on you we can use it as a
microphone and tracker to get as close
as you can to the people involved will
know where you are even when you don't
you're on your own from here oh it's
what's new only report back when you
have hard evidence something this far we
found difficult to acquire we want the
man at the top nothing less understand
[Music]
[Applause]
shut up so cheeky
you said your fingers I don't know who
you are trying to do you a [ __ ] favor
I think you're [ __ ] wasting my time
these look fine to me
yeah and your [ __ ] to it it doesn't
matter whether you win or [ __ ] he knows
he's taking the real moneys you swapping
it for the fight
you sure might know him check the war
market those war markets make apparent
sign that known hasn't got [ __ ]
Palestine I haven't seen him in look at
that oh [ __ ] hell he's right
your [ __ ] sir
[Music]
what's your like word gets a bad like
Michael Clarke s who I am and you know
[ __ ] bugs
[Music]
thank God
Michael Clarke he was asking do you know
Elaine Jehovah's Witnesses funny can a
knee
you sure wife yeah
sorry we're really I won't wash that one
anyone or marriage well it's good to see
you kept his sense of humor tragic like
he's dressed in so mmm come on I'll show
you where I'm buying
so not a cop anymore
no I'm guessing you would you do that so
we're doing added other than being an
ex-con a lot so Ralph could say that I'm
wife's ain't for you oh yeah
look what perfectly legal the lucky bird
nice treat you give a [ __ ] me
well I gathered that I was talking to a
few boys from my old firm you like a
rock on its Harris's then yeah
was it hooligan in a uniform look I
could use a bloke like you know me
someone who's no stranger it's a crime
so load up for the pink mate not anymore
except these wonderful
your wife is polish country yeah let's
make a bit but you still wear the band
you say your floatmeal more energy
whatever the [ __ ] you want burn across
live on a little bit more than that
Jobseeker's Allowance you're getting in
a moment won't rip your post box you
don't look like a bloke he's got any
savings or a future they even got a [ __ ]
pension and a thank you and I'll [ __ ]
off from the met now yeah hmm all you've
got is a parole board up your ass for
next three years I'm offering you a job
Qian mo so income tax no v80 that money
back no guarantee come on
are you gonna be doing security you'd do
that for a week you get bored drink your
tea and I'll show you you said that my
mother Oh funny you should say to her -
I got your dress
right now you're gonna tell us what
you've done with our shipment get me
model club that wasn't your call to make
was it plus you focus off with pony
currency he's a loner bad a moment and
you're putting ideas and the girls heads
ideas above their station that you know
who knows about that okay he likes
everything in this place not without
drugs you don't we need to keep our
venture separate can't go gain delusions
of grandeur mate
especially not for a [ __ ] woman
now tell us where you stash the weed and
we'll forget all former transgression so
what was the plan you gotta set it on
make a profit you didn't have a plan and
you didn't think we find out you know
they say loose lips sink ships
right into the drink how much is that a
lot
successful 9nr sir so Gunda yeah my old
man you'll be well athlete check it it's
real shoes cause for celebration
let's go see my sister
[Music]
nearly fruit yolks like I need to go me
still working on it
Oh
[Music]
Oh Michael Clarke and my sister Carol II
you know downstairs is with some new
girl but it didn't work out so I'd knock
that
[Music]
it's such a pity she was nice he will
struggle like when they look at me
you heard me say it didn't you don't
look at me and somebody disposable you
yes come in nitrate gun
yeah dealt with
yeah yeah this is a smart Club think he
could be useful for us and of what use
could you be to us mr. Clark
wherever you need your eager to please
so what you know about our operation
there might really still gonna work out
try to keep it that way to want you in
the club lots of members benefits
choose yours carefully
because when you're in you're in
now mr. Drakon we've an opening so the
chiming we've seemed somewhat
serendipitous
now if you'll excuse me
I'm going up my evening didn't turn out
as planned
would you go back is he he's got Brian
Jonah I am
good sure yeah pretty much
it's all gonna take you word for a mine
you're gonna vouch for him are you
yeah
so what's he do
oh he's a cop my right but in front I
would say pH macabre yeah are you how
are you tell any [ __ ] mind
remember a hooligan in a uniform German
my seam
so how the [ __ ] can we trust him then
wow so a lot of laughter
you better
because if you know I'll cut your balls
off and feed them to you like I did to
that nice young romaine you gentlemen do
you remember that one yeah yeah keep
that one in mind Sarah
[Music]
Oh fun fun
you got boys give you a bill tomorrow
I'm sure your about it mine oh and it's
used to be drapes you might be linear
normally
[Music]
get up there
nothing bad mr. mr. Griffith is reputed
to have sensibly I like to see myself
judge a person socially colors by other
words are you police chief actually
offering out the assumption that you've
got nothing to lose and therefore being
brash and courageous would suit such a
circumstance
most people even those who think they
have nothing
always have some little thing by holding
on to unless they truly are insane you
strike me as being a sound monster clock
so allow me to elucidate the point your
wife died as much we know a terrible
tragic accident perhaps putting you into
a downward spiral
not much I would understand pain will
change a man
do you have nothing to lose how about
your mother your sister two very good
reasons to live
much to lose especially if splayed out
in front of you with the skin taken off
so I asked you again because I need to
be sure that I can trust
are you a policeman not on your mother's
life
[Music]
welcome to talk yeah
I tell some of my new recruits their
hooligan credentials will be in serious
question
they didn't take advantage of this
opportunity this way we can see if we
were healthy
yeah well do you boys should be I'm
doing your own work good one old man
it's a funny thing I want to do yourself
a / [ __ ] off
[Applause]
[Music]
so what you doing here we need to know
what you know now they're gonna kill the
whole family for what I'm doing so I'm
off to fly and stuff what have you found
they've got quite a sell drugs guns
protection they've got a lot of muscles
as well got ourselves all over the place
they're everywhere what about the women
nothing like that yeah
I've got feeling this coming I'm already
completely [ __ ] I'm exhausted
answer it yeah yeah no where's my I'll
be there figure out a way to get what we
need Clark or we'll all be out of a
[ __ ] job soon enough what's he expect
me to do from Terrence Turner there in a
few hours I think he's taken quite a lot
of [ __ ] for choosing you for this now
we're setting up a new safe house we'll
meet there next time it's not safe for
us to me well when I say asses I mean I
know what you mean you're not doing this
on your own you know I'm sorry I can't
be there with you but I failed you don't
fail that depends on who you talk to you
I just wanted to help those women
it will [ __ ] where anyone else thinks
they weren't there were they they
weren't in that situation just be
careful if you can you go a few medical
yeah two fractured ribs and a bruised
hip had a few x-rays got to go back in a
couple of days for some more know if you
ever need me you've got the number you
know where I am
Clark I've been listening in or [ __ ]
night weather ah it's a birthmark
sorry it's quite cute [ __ ] off all right
Michael call Andy Andy Clark come on
[Music]
what I should ask you the same [ __ ]
working on gallon for hire - all you
need to know get paid [ __ ] off
fair enough cause you know what we'll do
yes sibling offic is your final show you
oh boy you found me a [ __ ] fan I'll
give it back to you
[Music]
it was [ __ ] impressive in it they
passed me that for
[Music]
[ __ ] what you've lost the signal
prox a signal he's called a Faraday cage
does that work what a metal blocks the
signal our power lead ocean iki [ __ ]
have been escaping getting out from me
outside only did [ __ ] phones up their
arses I know no it's not very happy
about it
so we're sorting a massive cable so he
can build his own Faraday cage I'm
really much bigger so he can control the
signals keep his people in check so the
current use their phones or not while
they're working in this room through no
I can't no imagination room covered in
foil only not foil cable lace works both
ways enough you won't keep info secure
you do that to the boss man must be
paranoid enough to make sure no [ __ ] and
what's the Facebook is bump time on the
outside or leave a trail for a digital
breadcrumbs
what [ __ ] paper you're gonna need for
that my friend is why don't pay me the
big bucks
I don't measure up yesterday we're gonna
need about six miles six miles [ __ ]
why are you gonna do it in there anyway
you'll find out soon enough
[Music]
you know you can you mind a place where
I come from I have [ __ ] bugs I spike
yeah you put a shotgun hey first time no
one good yeah I'm gon do a skin wait you
say anything
get back to me quick all right well can
we just by Andy have you got a spare 700
Grandin fair enough you want no
questions asked this is the best method
and it's gonna take it as a tight night
then your consignment is on its way
what you enjoy getting your pick it
alone this year anyway
[Music]
suggest you stay still as your partner
still in the car don't do anything
stupid
so very serious people able not think
twice about putting a hole in you you
understand yeah you got a family
yes I have I don't think about them
please listen
go back to your vehicle just BG partner
he'd given you clear you radio in there
all clear I'll be listening you drive
away do you understand me
it's a nice you're lucky no I might I've
caught your badge number
[Music]
I'll turn around
I don't know they interfere every time
the night your foot we met
yes right
or tape from Luton Town me back way you
are a glutton for punishment
[Music]
I'm leading rather than me
this room's already complete doing more
sneaky bastards from Eastern Europe and
no end of invent ways to escape very
least some word out Makana that can
control see
Charlie signals control the workforce
stopping cooling through security it'd
be like a [ __ ] save otherwise call
that staff will let God do his backup a
load of drugs call me that [ __ ] I'll
Kenny get ideas I don't know give them
an inch
don't here a couple of days with five
needs that they stink the place up taste
the cleanup crew I'll [ __ ] day to
clean this think of the walls
Justin tar for the next ones for a wife
[Music]
do not write around they will kill you
Walter take me
[Music]
get the [ __ ] out now
[Laughter]
[Music]
boys good to see you about time you
showed up
been waiting long enough who knows not a
patient man and time is money
I trust you pick the best ones gas
Oh mine no do as I say and everything
will be a cake can I ask you to [ __ ]
speak polish you're in England now in
yeah
yes
[Music]
good choice gas
this one's [ __ ] hot
[Music]
right to the neck
maybe she ain't careful quite giving up
her job wasn't the [ __ ] asked you
[Music]
okay so you got this under control
yeah you can go now
you could yeah I mean they were knees
not already we're back to test a few
late will do right just go to the old
lounge trip down memory lane for you old
man
[ __ ] off
it's me firstly I'm off tomorrow
nice little crew some fresh meat new
girls on this back of the truck [ __ ]
like earlier good earnest here's to the
[ __ ] morons who come of their own
free will free will
you don't know do you what money
sideline ek swimming to think they're in
love with him and then he invites them
to make the family which of course is us
and a special ones well they say how
they make their money
Americans rich Arabs anyone with enough
to buy and sell human beings will you
marry me
I love you too come with me my mother
she'd really like you did enough go away
that too
that got away actually only to one of
them didn't really get away did she
Tatiana who is the other one
oh I see was outrageous hey let me show
you
so imagine they were sitting over there
at that boy have you seen
looking all lonely looking for someone
looking for me
as soon as they smile god
I just give me some comments reassurance
maybe a big chemical help sometimes you
slip him something may come more
suggestive I think she'd give me any
trouble wash it off then back in that
same time different bar I bumped into
another young lady go with a
Kido birth not just individual
they'll only Anna
place
Megan for in other words
spike a bit of English been studying him
wanted to move over there but by that
point I was on the wrong was a Bevan I'm
brainer I mean at the end of the day I'm
a Samantha my right James I go down to
the poor loaded her into the container a
the custom boys a nod
maybe in society other unconscious go
and then the / off maybe she did much
like my English welcome on the gods
appalled
maybe I miscalculated the dose of the
drugs there too
[Music]
inside I had two bites myself for a few
what have some fun
[Music]
absolutely seconds
these girls are gonna get [ __ ]
[Music]
ideally you are to go [ __ ] bosses son
I'm gonna [ __ ] kill you
[Music]
we're cloudy I'll talk to the boss
Sajak see much later probably best to
say some more often I should have done
that quickly
I'll go straight on and do anything Jake
[ __ ] yeah
this is milena I wanna know her [ __ ]
name
the choice I
go and you can [ __ ] off now I think you
know when we're done
yes sir
well I say that
[ __ ] bad me
[Music]
there it gets on the latest
nice engraver
[Music]
yes
I take it you slipped your phone in this
pocket or something yeah I haven't quite
figured out I'm gonna get you back here
nice moves though at least we'll know
where he'll be at certain times there's
more than we need before this is where
you've been the past few days where and
when we lost your signal so we know
where look for your corpse it's like you
said that operation is sprawling
different locales all over the place
very difficult to keep track tell me
well we don't got a verse tomorrow we do
that we blow your cover we lose a chance
of getting to Terrance Turner really
making a difference
I'll call any uniformed domestic
disturbance
I'll get them to report back asap
they'll get there faster than we would
you okay
[Music]
do you miss her
every day
we don't have to if you don't want okay
[Music]
it's like he heard what I've been made
the Cup game I saw it's all over the
papers on her that was the night she
went into labor
[Music]
I was there not without
by the sum of its hospital
this has nothing to do
those are my fault
can I don't blame them sucker quite
easily being one of them it wasn't fair
[Music]
I think mana
have you got
I think I'll make it up fire
now you get to make a different
[Music]
did you get out you someone who gives a
[ __ ]
[Music]
good night mother virus gleep
okay
[Music]
mr. Turner I'm most embarrassing I would
like to comment now as I came to Boston
[Music]
one of ours well this is about what has
been some reports you took a lady
screaming screaming
um it's probably me I'm so sorry
we'll shout the windows
anything else we can have you know
that's exhausting I've seen enough
[Music]
Karolina told me to do as I'm told
shut sounds like she's okay for now
I'll get them to keep a car there till
the morning
we know about Gavin Turner this time oka
anything that leads us to Terrance is a
priority
I just wanna kill him I'll be the easy
way out for him too quick
he had me not containing
Tatyana challenged to break free
she ran
[Music]
without even thinking about it he ran
after safe and tell forebearers
[Music]
I managed to escape she's dead
the two other offices before me you know
like missing presumed dead
Walken says see my file and saw that I
could speak some polish so that was it
that was all the qualification I needed
her my basic training
I wasn't prepared
isn't gonna pay either
[Music]
yeah I was called it to the polish you
never know
tell me what closets send it to me
need to pick them up
good sleep there's banker she's gone for
another medical check-up times it time
you got cleaned up did Baker mention the
new operation nothing to do with me
personally I don't think it'll work
row being reassigned reassigned
you mean reassigned whatever the powers
that be are planning it's bigger than
you and I and if we will no gets wind of
what we're doing they'll be gone
overnight disappear without trace
something before the real okay
regroup and we have to start all over
again and you'll be in a box in the
ground there's another undercover agent
providing Intel according to his
superiors these in deep so we just sit
this one out I'm afraid
well I supposed to do now you don't have
to like it so that's it which is gonna
give up and walk away I'll drop you back
to your flat uniformed officers will be
along to arrest you to keep up
appearances
then you'll be held in police custody at
least for a few weeks whilst arrests
made assuming all goes well
honestly biker I'll let her know where
you'll be held you know I don't finish
no lady
then you're a clever con I deal with you
they don't know anyway
steak a [ __ ] [ __ ]
well living dangerously Oh [ __ ] bad
she died Saint Kevin now you know I
wouldn't ask you boys we've been
summoned the boss man was impressed with
those girls but some of the new work is
near better discipline well cages open
it's no cause glanir but we found
freedom phones so we're gonna have to
make an example of one of them you know
make sure the others don't have any bro
it is say your name
yeah can't miss guy what now yeah if
you're lucky I'll let you pull the
trigger
gentlemen steal from us provide a cheap
source of labor for the place they were
wrong nothing escapes me you know what
attention to detail it is the number one
rule in running a successful business
No
[Music]
oh I don't
just [ __ ] [ __ ] off now like to think
of a fair man proportional response
perhaps a better way of looking at it
that man there was a big
is a [ __ ]
I do hate to say it you've lost your
touch booth
now I do like to see a man fight for his
life so which one of you like step up to
the challenge fight and win then perhaps
in five months ourselves an opportunity
to kill each other find loose and I will
make your depth agony four months this
man
[Music]
we're on Fortis he's gonna be my
champion
so decide
which one of you goes first I'll go
first
you are beam you wanna [ __ ] burn let
me fire just [ __ ] off I know
and when I [ __ ] him up over come back
for you [ __ ] off
get the [ __ ] off me
[Music]
yo dog ass is misery
like Oh leave you too captain he's got
more creative ways to deal
fire right there man did have a big this
is di Baker one four nine three gunshots
reported on East Way industrial area
said immediate backup and deployment of
a co19 officer enroute approach area
with extreme caution
[Music]
you wanted them to oh yeah I told you
I'd [ __ ] you cover up
[Music]
[Laughter]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
relax Club
just in case she doesn't live
[Music]
which drug is aware of fast
Oh
[Music]
we keep this
special
just as might prove troublesome
she has something very special
my story but you were lettuce
[Music]
it's not the carabiner
Porto
[Music]
I'll see you've met my daughter
beautiful - she's a lethal combination
the mothers are sir my brains
[Music]
[ __ ]
where is he Clark
[Music]
what did that happen tell me where he is
that's just one
[Applause]
[Music]
where is he there in the construction
site where he drugged me [ __ ] is the
matter with you I think are they drug
you up some more
show you the Russians
holy cow
you know walk because you have been a
little naughty boy yes you have
I'll build a new base of operations here
in fact that's what we are all better
upstairs of those dead bodies submerged
in concrete swallowed by the grave
history of my past transgressions right
there I like to think the bones of my
enemies literally popping up my new
business enterprise see you on duty
Michael
I'm turning a negative into a positive
you see look at him on ice we have been
oh come on
turn that frown upside down mrs. lark
boy is now
[Music]
to focus it I've gotten over there
[Applause]
sir I've got you to safety safely I'm
surrounded by cars for [ __ ] like I'm
safe enough it gets company the [ __ ]
up
[Music]
come on Turner like a flock opposite
well I suppose I could interest you in a
broad I do have rather or money he's
still talking that's one question for
you
are you gonna claim self-defense if you
shoot an unarmed man luckily for me
there's a nearby concrete pool the ward
in the unlawful transgression thing
that's how he put it
[Music]
okay
you do know for some day
you already mean somebody half tell
where's both ways Clark Clark okay yeah
[Applause]
you yeah why
Michael Clarke
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]